Today's show is sponsored by Druid's Fluids ...
for all your holy water.
This is the Technical Difficulties. We play Citation Needed.
I have an almost randomly selected article
everyone's favorite reliable source of information, Wikipedia,
and these gentlemen can not see it.
Every fact that they have good yields them a point and a thing [DING]
and there is a special price for a specific good answer, namely
"Rather"!
And today we talk about ... the Bossche Bol.
The what?
Can you use that in a sentence for us? [Laughter]
- Football! - No.
We're talking about a sport, right?
Not even in the neighborhood.
Is it a type of ball?
- Well. - Is it more or less ball shaped?
Yes. It is more or less ball shaped.
- Okay. - Is it a body part?
No.
Is it a seed, or fruit, or ...
- It's something foody. One point for that. [DING] - Ahh!
A Bossche Bol is therefore a form of food.
Yes.
Is it fried?
Eh, no.
What?
Then it does not come from here.
Is it made of parts of other things?
It's food, right?
Any kind of food, let's be honest,
unless you talk about pure sodium ...
Jum jum jum!
... is basically made from parts of other things.
Yes.
You have, for example, a fish pie, or you get fish.
Okay! Eh, no, it's being made. It is made from other ingredients?
Is it from Africa?
It's Dutch!
- Dutch? - Dutch.
- Booshe-ball? - It's Dutch, and ... Bossche bol.
Bossche sphere?
Bossche sphere. Dutch acquaintances of mine are going to kill me for this ...
Is it brine?
No, not even in the neighborhood. Complete the other side of the spectrum. To be honest...
So it's raw!
If you had a spectrum - no, regarding taste - from pickle ...
- Oh. - ... and then you go all the way to the other side ...
- Okay, so it's something sweet. - Yes.
Correct. It is a sweet treat - cake or something in that direction?
Yes.
[Laughter] And it is more or less ball shaped.
Truffles.
And I do not know why I do that.
Is it sweet, pie-like Edam?
- You know what ... - What, gostost?
That is close enough to give you a point.
[DING] It is actually too big a profiterole.
- Ha! ...How big? - Jum jum jum!
Too big.
How big?
As big as your head!
You can put your head in and lick the cream on the inside
you eat your leftovers.
Like a helmet.
Was that the beginning of the Dutch space program?
With a gigantic profiterole on someone's head
in the lower atmosphere?
"Okay, the cream is feeding me."
"I ate everything. I'm too fat for the parachute. "
I am glad we finally joined
the nationality that we are going to insult this show have come true.
No, but, think about it. You can make the stripe of chocolate
use it as a visor, right?
Because the higher you go into the atmosphere
the colder it gets, and the firmer it becomes.
Okay, it does not survive the return to the atmosphere very well when it's chocolate, but you get it.
You have the cream for insulation.
Yes!
... I have not said that before.
Again, once it is - yeah!
They did have a point, this Dutch
with their profiterole space program.
You can put them in a giant Twinkie,
or in a Barny Bear or something like a space suit.
So Bossche Bol was the name of their first space capsule?
... yes. Yes. [Laughter]
Bossche Bol One!
Yes. Absolutely. Like
the first French spaceship was called 'Profiterole'.
- Really? - No.
- I did not know that. - It would not be called a Profiterole, you know that, stupid?
- It was called 'Baguette'. - It was called 'Baguette'.
Profiterols are small, duh!
We are talking about one that is as big as a space helmet here!
It is actually about one that is about five inches (13 cm).
Slightly bigger than my button here.
There is some culinary advice in this article ...
What is the best way to eat a Bossche sphere without messing about?
Sit on it.
Eat it in its entirety.
Drive it.
Punctuation, sucking out his delicious inside
and then eat the outside.
Yes.
Just like squeezing a pimple.
[Pinch sounds]
No?
No, not surprisingly.
With a spoon.
The best way to prevent tampering with a Bossche sphere,
That is the question you ask us.
Yes that's right.
Is there a special place for this?
The Bossche sphere bulb, for example.
I do not like messing with a Bossche sphere.
- No, who does? - I'm not a fan.
Vanish will not do anything with it, will he?
You turn him on the head.
Well, it actually says "The best way to prevent tampering
is by eating the ball upside down ',
and I do not know if that means the bulb ...
- Or the person? - ... or the person.
That's my kind of dessert.
The kind you have to be bound for.
That is the taste sensation that I am looking for.
Okay, we have a three-person catapult
and a Bossche sphere. Here we go!
Yes!
How would it feel to be touched?
by a 13 centimeter wide profiterole on speed?
Well, based on a juggling ball that I was hit by
it is very painful.
I was hit in my face by a water balloon. That was painful.
Oh yeah! You kept a hefty member mark on it, did not you?
I still have a GIF from somewhere.
I'll see if I can stick it with this.
I was thinking for a moment, what would the cream do?
Would it ... Could it be ..
Do not evaporate, but the action when it melts and ...
I like to think that it becomes non-Newtonian.
That it will get stuck and you will be simply unconsciously beaten.
I want to believe that. That water balloon hurt.
Oh, Jesus! If you would do that with one filled with custard, it would!
- Ohhh! - That will, or not?
Because custard IS non-Newtonian!
Only if it is not sugary.
If you put sugar in it is just normal ...
- Okay. - But it would still be enough to ...
Wait a minute, we found a new weapon, people!
If you were to put that in a loop marine frigate ...
Because I saw that episode of Dad's Army
where they fire onions on people
and that looked painful, so I ...
Actually beating ballistics!
Steel and depleted uranium -
chocolate filled with custard.
I'm not saying that is being used for destruction,
I say that it is used for shock and bewilderment.
Splat and awe, right, or not?
There is a larger version of the Bossche sphere, to return to the topic ...
The Super Bossche Bol!
Well, look, you're not far wrong.
I do not want the actual Dutch word for it,
but you can tell me what it's called when you translate it into English.
The Mega-Ball.
The Whole Great Profiterole.
You know, I'm just going to give you both points. It is 'giant globe'.
[DING DING]
What I like is that in the "See also" section of this page
a 'List of cakes'
Let's see how much we can guess.
Fast round! Name some pastries. Matt.
Ehm ... Coffee cake (Danish pastry).
Point! [DING] Gary.
Cream horn (Cream horn).
- Oh my God. - Point! [THING]
Cooking dough! (Choux bun)
I tried to spell it here as a shoe and it did not work.
That then!
I will give you a point. It is under 'Éclair', but yes, point. [THING]
Éclair.
Point. [DING] [Laughter]
Viennese whirl.
My God.
No, is not on the list.
NONSENSE!
That is not a pastry. That's a biscuit.
Ooh. Could you be right on the basis of a technical detail here.
What I also like - on the list:
'Cronut' has already made it to Wikipedia.
[Supports] Who eats that? I do not understand
Me neither. What?
Is it a croissant and a donut?
It is a donut made from croissant dough.
But is not that normal
a croissant with a hole in the middle?
No, it is fried instead of fried.
Do you know those Yum Yums they have with Greggs?
- Oh, it's a Yum Yum, is not it? - It's one of them, yes.
Only then with croissant dough.
So more buttery and with multiple layers and stuff.
And it creates more crumbs on your shirt in the morning.
The horror.
I never thought, 'Ooh, I do not know
whether I want a croissant or a donut. "
- Somebody is. - I want one or the other.
I do not understand the whole American breakfast,
with donuts -
something sweet and so sugary - as the first thing.
You ate Ricicles.
Okay.
Oh man, Ricicles! With the little astronaut.
- Astronaut! - Captain Rik, yes!
Jemig, are they still making it?
- Yes. - I honestly do not think so ...
- No. - I have not seen Ricicles for a long time.
On the other hand, if we find them ...
- Then we eat them. - I'll eat them tomorrow.
According to everyone, his favorite unreliable source of information,
they still sell.
- Yes! - Ahhh!
In the United Kingdom?
However, they do not stop them in the variety packs.
That's okay, I can handle a whole box.
- In one go! - What, just with your hands?
From the box!
Well, you remember the box of Coco Pops that I took with me
when we did this last time. I ate them in two days.
I find a box of Ricicles at once a challenge.
Fists full of Ricicles.
- That's just a western movie! - For A Few Ricicles More.
The Good, The Bad and Captain Rik.
Yes! All of them!
Just Coco the monkey, with a hat over his eyes,
on the side, while he throws a knife.
And Tony the Tiger is the sheriff?
There is a complete section on 'Controversy' in the Cronut article.
Can someone tell me how much they cost?
Because the original Cronut is a trademark of one bakery.
They sold them for five dollars.
For how many black traders did they sell later?
You can not - well, they do not last that long, do you?
Because it is a French bread-based product
they would not be good within an hour.
Like we said before.
Yes. So I say twenty dollars.
Twenty dollars? Do you know...
Even though that is a terrible way to do it,
I'm going to apply the Price Is Right rules here.
- Ohh! - So as close as possible without going over it?
Can we have that little yodelling man climbing a mountain here?
No. Twenty dollars?
- Yes. - Chris.
Twenty dollars and 1 cent.
- Ohhh! [Laughter]
Nine.
Nine dollars.
Hundred dollars! [DING] You get a point.
Yes!
Go away! For a pastry ?!
It was such a thing,
when the audience gets fixated on it, and it starts ...
Then it is in principle Bitcoin in pastry form.
You could fly to Paris for that!
Only that takes longer.
ALL: Wahey!
Can someone give me some alternative names
for the Cronut, just to just ...
Donant!
Fatty Wheel!
Flaky Death!
Fat Whirl!
Fat Whirl. No.
Dosant?
Dosant! Point. [THING]
Is not that selling close to nothing? (English wordgrap)
Also on the list of pastries,
are 'Nun's Puffs'.
Brannan! I feel that this is your ...
- Hallooo? - Please make a nun sequitur of it.
- [Steunt] - Heyyy!
'Nun sequitur' - that really took me about three seconds.
That was good.
Oh, do not walk around like that!
I have been on that list for years
and that's the first time I could use it!
You are lucky, because you were very nonchalant when you made it.
[Kreunt]
That's not a habit you want.
[Laughter] Now ...
I leave you in a corner if you keep doing that!
[Kreunt]
It stands as 'nun's puffs'.
That is a euphemism. Can you tell me what they are actually called?
I have read about this! It is..
Are those little round sandwiches
with glaze and a cherry on top?
Eh ... Not the cherry,
but they are basically light pastry dough.
Are they those who have the name 'Nun's Farts'?
Point! [Stuff...
They are called 'nun's farts' ... [Laughter]
... and are simply a ball of dough
which is very, very light and which is filled with cream.
So, profiteroles?
- ... but smaller. - Under another name, yes.
Sorry...
"Can you be a fool, please?"
'Of course. Sister!'
"That's five pounds, please."
And then you sell it later for a hundred.
In a jar.
Speaking of that, I believe, Matt, that you have the most points -
I mean, I'll be honest, I'm not counting.
I do not have one anyway, so it was not me this time.
Matt, congratulations - you win a game
where you have the employees of a disgraced bank
have to jump through pipes and let Bowser beat.
Super Lehman Brothers.
That's right! Enough time has passed before that. We're okay.
Until the next time ... that was Matt Gray!
Bye-bye!
That was Gary.
... Brannan! I did not say your name there.
What a stupid, everyone (!)
We now work together for, well, how long?
Go away, stupid.
CHRIS: That was Gary Brannan ...
And that was Chris Joel.
Bye!
I have ... Ah, leave it!
Look at his face!
That was a good cake delivery, I liked it.
[Laughter]
Thanks for looking!
If you have come here then you will hopefully enjoy the show.
Leave a comment if you liked it!
The feedback we receive from you is very welcome.
Or even better, tell others about us.
And do not forget, there are audio episodes
to find our reverse trivia podcast via techdif.co.uk.
[Translation: Niels de Groot, Sven Mol]